>> Brian Holt: So that's kind of
the general tour of the application.
Now, you want to go in and
write some tests for this using Jest.
So Jest is a testing framework
built by Facebook, and
it's what they actually use
themselves to test React.
It's not necessarily exclusive to React,
in fact,
I use Jest extensively to
test Node applications.
It's really good at
testing Node applications.
So Jest is useful beyond just
testing React applications,
though it is also quite good at that.
Jest is actually, underneath the hood,
mostly Jasmine if you've ever
used Jasmine testing before.
It uses the same testing, or matchers and
those kind of things that all
stuff it's built into Jasmine.
You don't necessarily need to
know that but just know that,
that's what actually what's
doing the testing is Jasmine.
So you can look at the Jasmine
documentation when we're using Jest.
>> Brian Holt: So let's go ahead and
go install our testing solutions.
>> Brian Holt: So inside of your
directory, the complete intro to react v4.
We are gonna do npm install -D to
install into the dev dependencies.
Jest and react-test-renderer,
make sure that you get
renderer cuz it's a renderer
that threw me off,
it's also hard to say for me, okay?
Cuz we're gonna install two
independencies, one being Jest, right?
The testing solution and
one's going to be a renderer for React.
That's not ReactDOM, cuz ReactDOM
requires a browser to be present, right?
So react-test-renderer allows
this to be done inside of Nodes,
we don't have to spin up a browser.
So this goes way faster.
Anything that has to use
a browser goes super, super slow.
>> Brian Holt: So
that'll take a second to install.
>> Brian Holt: So we're just gonna
test one of our routes, right?
We have this details.js page,
that we're gonna test.
Doesn't do a ton,
it's just this page right here.
>> Brian Holt: This one, if it works.
>> Brian Holt: One of
these is bound to work.
Zorbo, that one worked.
So we're gonna test this route
right here that renders this page.
>> Brian Holt: So
it has a componentDidMount,
it has a modal that it does and
a render method.
So what I want you to do is
I want you to go in to your
application inside of
your source directory.
I want you to make a new folder and
call it __, so two underscores tests__.
Now, that's a weird name,
why would I call it that?
Well, the nice thing that Jest does for
you,
Jest has a bunch of just same
configurations out of the box.
It knows by default and
it's under in an __tests__ directory,
it's a test and so,
it will run that for you automatically.
You don't have to tell
it where they exist.
It just looks for those folders and
runs everything in them.
We can also put this in the same directory
and call it like app.test.js and
it would run that as well.
So that's the kinds of
things that it looks for.
If you're curious where the double
underscore thing comes from,
it's actually from Python.
If any of you have written Python before,
double underscore means magical.
So it magically will
find these directions.
So it's just kind of a forewarning,
it's like hey,
magical stuff happens because
there's double underscores here.
So, okay.
So in here, make a new file,
and we're gonna call that
Details.test.js,
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
>> Brian Holt: So
instead of the test directory,
make a file called Details.test.js, and
now we are gonna write some tests for,
>> Brian Holt: This particular route,
so first thing we're gonna do is
we're gonna import React from React.
>> Brian Holt: We're going to import,
create from react-test-renderer, and
we're going to import Details
from ../Details, right?
Because we're going upper directory
to grab the details route, okay?
>> Brian Holt: Next thing
we're gonna do is we're gonna
write test,
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna write a snapshot test.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's talk about that for a second.
First thing is, it's gonna say,
hey, I don't know what test is.
This project is using ESLint.
So if you are using ESLint,
the way that you can make
this not be an error anymore
is to go into your eslintrc.json,
and you come in here and
where it says env down here,
just add a jest: true.
>> Brian Holt: And
now if you go back in here,
it's gonna say, test is a global that
comes from Jest, I know what that is.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then the first
thing that we're gonna do here is make
a component.
So I'm gonna say,
create Details / like that.
So now inside of c is gonna be
an instance of this details.
And then I'm gonna say,
expect(c.toJSON()).toMatchSnapshot.